## Case Study: Heroku

  Heroku is a site that provides several ways to test and implement a CI (Continuous Integration) solution. While using Heroku Flow, it's main CI service, a pipeline can be created for CI purposes using Heroku Pipeline, where code and changes can be pushed to the next phase. Afterwards, said changes is ran through Heroku CI, checking to see how it would run in an environment similar to the final product. A Review App is then created to see how the changes would reflect on the current build, so that the changes can be further refined if neccesary. Finally, Release Phase is used to run final tests on the new release to ensure it's ready, separate from the current release.
  
  The various services Heroku Flow provides would fit well in the several testing environments that a team will have to test in before release. The Pipeline service would fit into the Development Environment, for example. Another example would be Heroku CI fitting into the QA Environment. Both the Review Apps and Release Phase services would fit into the Pilot/Pre-Production Environment, due to both taking place before being committed to the commercial release. However, Release Phase would also fit into the Production Environment, since it also takes place in the same environment as the commercial release.
  
  If I were to use Heroku for an online game project, I would use the various services provided in order to test any changes being made to the current release. I would testing the changes in an enviroment separate but similar to the current build. Then, I would see how said changes would affect the current build, refining and changing things until they work as intended. Finally before committing the new changes to the current build, I would perform final checks to make sure that it's ready for commercial release.
